Desc_0
When attacking the enemy with Unleashed Attacks, this weapon's Power will influence it to deal a large amount of unavoidable Direct DMG and absorb the enemy's True Qi multiple times.
Desc_1
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG and randomly sealing the enemy's martial arts for a short duration.
Desc_2
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG and converting Direct Injury Markers into lingering, hard-to-heal Pre-existing Injuries.
Desc_3
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG with maximum attack range.
Desc_4
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG and inflicting Openings on the enemy repeatedly.
Desc_5
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable Direct DMG and can apply ten times the weapon's toxin amount.
Desc_6
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable Direct DMG and sealing the enemy's acupoints repeatedly.
Desc_7
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG and dispelling the Footwork Arts the enemy is using.
Desc_8
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG and nullifying the Protection the enemy is using.
Desc_9
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG and increasing the enemy's Inner Breath Chaos repeatedly.
Desc_10
When you attack with Unleashed Attacks, the weapon's effectiveness scales with your power, dealing massive unavoidable & unparryable Direct DMG and increasing the enemy's Inner Breath Chaos repeatedly.

